Support upcoming v0.15.0 compiler (#401)
hdgarrood/pulp: CHANGELOG.md

  compiler versions earlier than that. (#399 by @JordanMartinez)
* Increased minimum `psa` version to `v0.7.0` and dropped support for all
  versions earlier than that. (#399 by @JordanMartinez)

> * Increase minimum `node` versino to `v12.0.0` and dropped support for all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increased minimum `node` version to `v12.0.0` and dropped support for all
```

Author: Man.... these typos are killing me. Thanks
